We already finished resetting the clear button is pretty similar to that.
So here I'll add a click listener and I'll execute on clear and in the typescript file.
Now add the on clear method here.
How can we clear our form.
Well we already got access to the form because we added here with view child so I can simply call this
s l for him reset and I need to make sure there also set edit mode back to false.
If it was false before it doesn't hurt.
If it was false I ensure that we leave it.
So if this now if I select the item and I click clear where out of it again so I can now add a new one
and if I'm in already adding 1 bananas and then I had clear I simply cancel this.
So now I have to start over but I can still update the existing ones.
So Dad is all working as expected.
Now with the clear button added in the last step I want to make sure that we can delete the items we
selected here.